#Operations
SELECT
operations.Rappel_Number as operation_id,
operations.type as rappel_type,
operations.location,
operations.N_Number as n_number,
operations.Pilot_Name as pilot,
operations.spotter,
operations.height,
operations.Fire_Number as incident_number,
operations.Remarks as operation_comments

FROM
tbl_rappellog as operations;

#------------------------------------------------------

#Rappels
SELECT
rappels.Rappel_Number as operation_id,
rappels.Rappeller_Number as rappel_id,
rappels.Rappeller_Name as hrap_fullname,
rappels.Rope_Number as rope_num,
rappels.Rope_End as rope_end,
rappels.Genie_Number as genie_num

FROM
tbl_rappeller as rappels

ORDER BY operation_id;

#------------------------------------------------------


#All rappels with Operation info, listed by operation_id
SELECT
operations.Rappel_Number as operation_id,
rappels.Rappeller_Number as rappel_id,
rappels.Rappeller_Name as hrap_fullname,
operations.type as rappel_type,
operations.location,
operations.N_Number as n_number,
operations.Pilot_Name as pilot,
operations.spotter,
operations.height,
operations.Fire_Number as incident_number,
operations.Remarks as operation_comments,
rappels.Rope_Number as rope_num,
rappels.Rope_End as rope_end,
rappels.Genie_Number as genie_num

FROM
tbl_rappellog as operations INNER JOIN 
tbl_rappeller as rappels ON operations.Rappel_Number = rappels.Rappel_Number 

ORDER BY operation_id;





INNER JOIN
tbl_rappellerlist ON tbl_rappellerlist.Rappeller_Name = tbl_rappeller.Rappeller_Name